Task:
Identify and fix the reason why document generation (PDF/DOCX) is failing in the CVGenie app. You have access to the core integration files: routes.ts, documentGenerator.ts, and documentParser.ts.

Step-by-Step Instructions:

Check All Dependencies

Ensure pdfkit, officegen, and mammoth are installed:

text
npm install pdfkit officegen mammoth
If any are missing or cause version errors, install/fix them and restart the app.

Scan for Syntax & Export Issues

Carefully review both documentGenerator.ts and documentParser.ts for:

Unmatched {} or missing method/class endings

Misplaced or duplicate export default ...

Invalid TypeScript type usage or missing interface closures

Permissions & Pathing

Check if the tmp directory exists and fs has permission to write there.

Ensure generated PDFs/DOCXs are actually being written to this folder.

Backend Route Integration

In /api/generate (or similar route in routes.ts):

Log all incoming request fields (resumeContent, jobDescription, etc.) right before calling documentGenerator.

Confirm these values are not empty or malformed.

Error Handling and Logging

Make sure all catch clauses log the full error stack using console.error(error.stack || error).

In documentGenerator and documentParser, return detailed errors up the stack if PDF/DOCX creation fails.

Test Document Generation

Try generating a resume and cover letter from the front end.

If document export fails, observe the new, more detailed error logs.

Use the log output to pinpoint which file (or package) is failing.

Common Fixes

If the error is “module not found,” install the relevant package.

If it’s a permission/file path error, fix the path or permissions.

If input data is undefined or empty in the generator/parser, fix how data is passed.

If the Error Persists:

Ask for any additional files directly related to errors in the log (e.g., pdf_extractor.py if PDF extraction is the root).

If the backend expects fields not present in the frontend payload, align the request schema.

Goal:
Restore full functionality to the PDF/DOCX resume/cover letter generation pipeline—ensuring users can successfully generate and download documents with no backend or export errors.

If a new or unclear error is encountered, output the full stack trace, and either fix it or ask for the necessary additional information or files to finish the job.Here's a perfect prompt for the Replit agent to help them deeply understand the integration issues between your frontend and backend and efficiently fix the document generation problem:

Prompt for Replit Agent

Task:
Debug and resolve the document generation failure in the CVGenie app. The main integration files are routes.ts, documentGenerator.ts, and documentParser.ts. Ensure end-to-end PDF/DOCX output works on generate.

Instructions:

Dependency Check

Confirm that pdfkit, officegen, and mammoth are installed and accessible to the server code. Run npm install pdfkit officegen mammoth if any are missing.

File and Directory Permissions

Ensure the tmp directory (or equivalent) exists in the workspace and the server has full read/write permissions.

Class & Export Issues

Review both documentGenerator.ts and documentParser.ts for:

Syntax mistakes or unbalanced braces

Correct export default new DocumentGenerator(); and export default new DocumentParser();

Proper closure of classes and async methods

Error Logging and Handling

In routes.ts, before generation, log all incoming payload values for resumeContent, jobDescription, etc.

Log all errors fully with console.error(error.stack || error) in every catch block in routes, generator, and parser.

Integration

Make sure your /api/generate backend route:

Is passing all necessary, non-empty parameters to the document generator and parser.

Correctly awaits all promises, and handles promise rejections.

Test the Workflow

Try document generation from the frontend and review the logs for precise failure points (missing module, permission, blank inputs, etc.).

If an error occurs, follow the stack to fix or ask for the required supporting files.

Common Fixes Checklist

If "module not found": ensure the dependency is installed and required using the correct import style (ESM/CJS as needed).

If permissions or missing file: verify directory and file creation logic.

If generic failure: verify all async calls are properly awaited and data is not undefined.

Ask for Help

If you see a backend error referring to a missing utility file or Python script, or if an input from the frontend is undefined, request the specific files or ask for a snippet of the test data.

Goal:
Restore end-to-end resume/cover letter document generation (PDF and DOCX) with robust error logging, tested both from frontend and direct POST request.