Task:
Add professional SVG icons to highlight key features throughout the CVGenie app, improving visual appeal and breaking up text-heavy content. Where SVG icons already exist, assess each card and decide whether to replace the icon with the new design or leave it as is for visual consistency.

Instructions:

Required Icons
Add or update the following icons as SVG files with these specifications:

Icon Name	Purpose
AI Brain Icon	Represent AI-powered features
ATS Shield Icon	Represent ATS optimization
Document Transform Icon	Represent resume tailoring
Multi-format Export Icon	Represent multiple export formats
Analytics Dashboard Icon	Represent insights and analytics
Security Lock Icon	Represent privacy and security
Speed/Lightning Icon	Represent quick generation
Target/Bullseye Icon	Represent precision matching
Technical Specifications for SVGs

Base dimensions: 24x24 pixels

Style: Outline style with 2px stroke width

Colors: Use CSS custom properties for stroke color, e.g., stroke="var(--color-primary-600)"

Optimize SVGs for minimal paths and clean structure

Provide SVG code snippets using the below format:

text
<svg width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="var(--color-primary-600)" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round">
  <path d="..."/>
</svg>
Implementation Conditions

For each location/card where an icon is to be placed:

If there is no existing SVG icon, insert the corresponding new SVG icon.

If there is an existing SVG icon, review its style and relevance:

If the existing icon matches the brand and is visually consistent, leave it as is.

If the existing icon is generic, outdated, or low quality, replace it with the new SVG icon maintaining brand consistency.

Component Integration

Update the React component(s) rendering these feature cards to import/use the new SVG icons where replacements are required.

Use CSS variables for icon stroke color so colors adapt easily with theme changes.

Ensure icons have proper aria-label or role="img" and descriptive title or desc tags for accessibility.

Visual Consistency

Maintain uniform spacing between icons and text in cards.

Align icons vertically with text baseline.

Test responsiveness of icons on various screen sizes.

Testing

Verify all new icons appear correctly across all major browsers.

Validate that replaced icons appear crisp and consistent with brand colors.

Confirm no layout shifts occur due to icon size changes.

Goal:
Boost app professionalism by introducing a cohesive set of custom SVG icons that enhance clarity, user understanding, and visual appeal, while respecting existing design assets when appropriate.